v8: add v8.getCppHeapStatistics() method (#57146)
nodejs/node: doc/api/v8.md

}
```

> ## `v8.getCppHeapStatistics(detailLevel)`

Reviewer: The `detailLevel` argument needs to be documented here as well.

This method returns [CppHeap][] statistics regarding memory consumption and

> utilization. See V8 [`CollectStatistics()`][] API. It returns a
> [`HeapStatistics`][] object. You can learn more about the properties in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
utilization. See V8 [`CollectStatistics()`][] API. It returns an object with a structure similar
to the [`cppgc::HeapStatistics`][] object. You can learn more about the properties in
```

I think this returns `cppgc::HeapStatistics` object instead (which is different from `v8::HeapStatistics`)?

> the [V8 documentation](https://v8docs.nodesource.com/node-22.4/df/d2f/structcppgc_1_1_heap_statistics.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the [V8 documentation][`cppgc::HeapStatistics`].
```

Above L1401 you can add

```
[`cppgc::HeapStatistics`]: https://v8docs.nodesource.com/node-22.4/df/d2f/structcppgc_1_1_heap_statistics.html
```

> the [V8 documentation](https://v8docs.nodesource.com/node-22.4/df/d2f/structcppgc_1_1_heap_statistics.html).

Reviewer: It is worth pointing out that this object structure may change from one v8 version to the next, even if unlikely.

}
```

> ## `v8.getCppHeapStatistics(detailLevel)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `v8.getCppHeapStatistics([detailLevel])`
```

We use the square brackets for optional arguments in the signature

Retrieves [CppHeap][] regarding memory consumption and
utilization statistics using the V8
[`CollectStatistics()`][] function which may change from one V8 version to the
next.

> * `detailLevel` (`'brief'`|`'detailed`): Specifies the level of detail in the
>   returned statistics.
>   * `brief`:  Brief statistics contain only the top-level allocated and used
>     memory statistics for the entire heap.
>   * `detailed`: Detailed statistics also contain a break down per space and
>     page, as well as freelist statistics and object type histograms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `detailLevel` {string|undefined}:  **Default:** `'detailed'`. Specifies the level of detail in the returned statistics.
  Accepted values are:
  * `'brief'`:  Brief statistics contain only the top-level allocated and used
    memory statistics for the entire heap.
  * `'detailed'`: Detailed statistics also contain a break down per space and
    page, as well as freelist statistics and object type histograms.
```

I am not exactly sure what's the best way to document these enums, but we do have some precedents of this style in the docs.

Author: There are similar examples in v8.md, for example here: https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/9ce1fffcdc5a6045e19c6730aa6ae3e271287b23/doc/api/v8.md?plain=1#L286

It returns an object with a structure similar to the

> [`cppgc::HeapStatistics`][] object. You can learn more about the properties of the object in
> the [V8 documentation][`cppgc::HeapStatistics struct`].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`cppgc::HeapStatistics`][] object. See the [V8 documentation][`cppgc::HeapStatistics struct`]
for more information about the properties of the object.
```

(I am fairly certain that we still try to avoid "you" as much as possible in the docs..)

}
```

## `v8.getCppHeapStatistics([detailLevel])`

> Retrieves [CppHeap][] regarding memory consumption and
> utilization statistics using the V8 [`CollectStatistics()`][] function which

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Retrieves [CppHeap][] statistics regarding memory consumption and
utilization using the V8 [`CollectStatistics()`][] function which
```
